Personal Statement
My name is Yuanzhe Liu and I come from Sun Yat-sen Memorial Middle School in Zhongshan city, Guangdong province. I was deeply attracted by UIC's educational philosophy after attending the UIC admissions lecture at school. So I signed up for the comprehensive evaluation.
My hobbies are extensive. First of all, I like traveling, and I often visit various parts of the mainland during the holidays, and enjoy the scenery of the motherland and the customs and culture of various places. Secondly, I like singing, and I found that I have a talent for this since I was a child. However, because of academic reasons, I did not persist for too long. Third, I like computers. I was first interested in computer programming because I came into contact with the Olympic competition in informatics. The strong interest made me progress in the study of informatics. For this reason, I also received several awards related to informatics. But I have been facing the computer screen for a long time, which has reduced my chances of communicating with people, so my interpersonal skills are relatively weak.
In high school I won the first prize in the National Olympiad in Informatics in Provinces. During the summer vacation, I went to the nursing home with other students as volunteers to visit the elderly, communicate with the elderly, and talk to them. I am eager to the international teaching mode of UIC in English, Small-class-based and group discussion. I hope to improve my English listening, speaking and communicate with others in teamwork ability in UIC. Moreover, the Liberal Education and Whole Person Education in the school can improve my abilities in all fields. Finally, UIC, as an educational platform, develops my ability and gives me more opportunities to apply for a master's degree and doctor's degree in famous foreign universities. In the future, China will be more open. We need international talents to study and work with foreign friends in English. The international way of education can make me have an advantage in the future professional competition.
In view of the above, I would appreciate it if you would accept me as a member of UIC.
