Personal Statement
My name is Yuanzhe Liu. I am about to graduate from the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Middle School in Zhongshan city, Guangdong province. UIC's liberal art education and the "whole person" philosophy attracted me after attending the UIC welcome day and the admissions lecture at school. So I signed up for the comprehensive evaluation and to be a part of UIC community.
My hobbies are extensive. First of all, I like traveling, and I often visit various parts of the mainland during the holidays and enjoy the scenery of the motherland and the customs and culture of multiple places. Secondly, I like singing, and I found that I have a talent for this since I was a child. However, because of academic reasons, I did not persist for too long. Third, I like computers. I was first interested in computer programming because I came into contact with the Olympic competition in informatics. The intense interest made me progress in the study of informatics. For this reason, I also received several awards related to informatics. But I have been facing the computer screen for a long time, which has reduced my chances of communicating with people, so my interpersonal skills are relatively weak.
In high school, I won the first prize in the National Olympiad in Informatics in Provinces. During the summer vacation, I went to the nursing home with other students as volunteers to visit the
elderly, communicate with the elderly, and talk to them. I am eager to the international teaching mode of UIC in English, Small-class-based and group discussion. I hope to improve my English listening, speaking and communicate with others in teamwork ability in UIC. Moreover, the Liberal Education and Whole Person Education in the school can improve my skills in all fields. Finally, UIC, as an educational platform, develops my ability and gives me more opportunities to apply for a master's degree and doctor's degree in the universities abroad. In the future, China will be more open. We need international talents to study and work with foreign friends in English. I believe the unique educational style at UIC would equip me with the global mindset, which would yield me an advantage in future global competition.
I would appreciate it if you would accept me as a member of UIC.
